# Winecellar database

# Background and Purpose
The Winecellar database is a portfolio project developed by Alexandra Sciocchetti and Victoria Patterson. The project involves the design and development of a fictional business, CellarTracker, which is designed to help winemakers keep track of their wines during the winemaking process. Specifically, the CellarTracker Database App contains a database system for a Custom Crush Facility that processes 50,000 gallons of wine grapes/juice per year for up to 20 different winemakers. Winemakers are able to upload and access important information and paperwork about their wines, including invoices (for when they buy and sell grapes/wines) and work orders (work to be done on grapes/wine/facility). Data about wines and winemakers is also stored. Specifically, the website and database will solve the problem of needing accurate records for all wines currently in the custom crush facility, as well as keeping track of all winemakers working with those wines, being able to access past transactions, and having an efficient means to access and view tasks assigned to each winemaker. 

# Using this app
The Wincellar Database app was developed using Flask and can be launched to a local host via the app.py file. The current repo was designed as a course project, therefore the authentication information is specific to the Oregon State University flip servers, and will need to be changed should the user wish to launch the app on their local server. 
